Add first implementation of CE mixin (#153)
eth-cscs/cscs-reframe-tests: portable_tests.md

Currently, ReFrame supports auto-detection of the local or remote processor information only.
It does not support auto-detection of devices, in which cases users should explicitly specify this information using the `devices` [configuration option](https://reframe-hpc.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config_reference.html#config.systems.partitions.devices).

## How to run Container Engine(CE) based tests

> To run a Container Engine (CE) based test, it's essential to create a test class inheriting from the `ContainerEngineMixin` and add the `ce` as one of the `valid_system` features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a Container Engine (CE) based test, it is essential to create a test class inheriting from the `ContainerEngineMixin` and add the `ce` as one of the `valid_system` features. 
```
